Add aggregate sensor class (#50)
ska-sa/aiokatcp: doc/server/tutorial.rst

can be changed by passing `auto_strategy` and `auto_strategy_parameters` when
constructing the sensor.

> Aggregate Sensors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregate sensors
```

> -----------------

Reviewer: Make this a `^^^` heading, so that it's under the Sensors section.

> To provide a sensor which has its reading derived from that of a set of other
> sensors, such as a total, average or general "device status" sensor, the
> :class:`.AggregateSensor` class allows the user to implement this. The user
> should subclass :class:`.AggregateSensor`, and implement
> :func:`.~AggregateSensor.update_aggregate` in order to define the logic which will
> be used.

Reviewer: The clause after "To provide" should probably start with a verb, and this can generally be made less wordy e.g.
```suggestion
To provide a sensor which has its reading derived from that of a set of other
sensors, such as a total, average or general "device status" sensor, subclass
:class:`.AggregateSensor`, and implement
:func:`.~AggregateSensor.update_aggregate` to compute the sensor reading from
changes in sensor values.
```

For example:

.. code:: python

    class Total(AggregateSensor):
        def __init__(self, target):
            super().__init__(target=target, sensor_type=int, name="total")

        def update_aggregate(self, updated_sensor, reading, old_reading):
            if update_sensor is None:
                # Instantiation, set a fresh value.

>                 return Reading(time.time(), Sensor.Status.NOMINAL, 0)

Reviewer: Should sum any sensors already present in the target.

            if reading is None:
                # The sensor is being removed from the set.

>                 return Reading(updated_sensor.timestamp, Sensor.Status.Nominal, self.value - updated_sensor.value)

Reviewer: `Nominal` should be `NOMINAL` - please check that the rest of the code actually functions. It might be an idea to add to the `examples/` directory, either adding this to the existing `example_server.py`, or creating a separate example.

            if old_reading is None:
                # The sensor is being added to the set.
                return Reading(updated_sensor.timestamp, Sensor.Status.Nominal, self.value + updated_sensor.value)
            # Otherwise, it's just a change.
            return Reading(updated_sensor.timestamp, Sensor.Status.Nominal, self.value - old_reading.value + reading.value)

> In the ``__init__()`` method of the :class:`.DeviceServer` subclass being

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the :meth:`!__init__` method of the :class:`.DeviceServer` subclass being
```
(check that it actually does what I think it does, namely typesets it like any other reference to a method but without trying to create a link)

created, you'd include a few lines like this:

.. code:: python

    self.total_sensor = Total(self.sensors)

>     self.sensors.add(self.total_sensors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    self.sensors.add(self.total_sensor)
```

> 

Reviewer: Can you also add a description of `filter_aggregate`. You could add to the example by filtering only sensors of integer type (excluding the aggregate itself).

Author: Ah, good point. That's important.

To provide a sensor which has its reading derived from that of a set of other
sensors, such as a total, average or general "device status" sensor, subclass
:class:`.AggregateSensor`, and implement

> :func:`.!update_aggregate` to compute the sensor reading from

Reviewer: I'm guessing you changed this because it wasn't making a link, but now you've got a literal `!` in the document. I think you possibly wanted this:
```suggestion
:meth:`~.AggregateSensor.update_aggregate` to compute the sensor reading from
```

Author: I don't see any `!`:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10864691/199459233-7ab95e93-ebd6-42d8-b967-24226ed8e8f2.png)
But still, having working links is nice.

Reviewer: Odd, I definitely saw a `!` in my output. Possibly a different sphinx version.

> changes in sensor values.

Reviewer: Paragraph break after this line.

> In order to avoid circular references, a :func:`!filter_aggregate` method is

Reviewer: Again, it should be `:meth:` rather than `:func:`, and if you use `~.AggregateSensor.filter_aggregate` it should create the link.

        def update_aggregate(self, updated_sensor, reading, old_reading):
            if update_sensor is None:
                # Instantiation, calculate total for sensors already in target.
                ...
                return Reading(...)
            if reading is None:
                # The sensor is being removed from the set.
                ...
                return Reading(...)
            if old_reading is None:
                # The sensor is being added to the set.
                ...
                return Reading(...)
            # Otherwise, it's just a change.
            ...
            return Reading(...)

         def filter_aggregate(self, sensor):
            ...

>             return True

Reviewer: I actually quite liked the previous version, since it showed how you could use the old reading to incrementally update a sensor.

Author: I moved it to the examples directory, though I guess the assumption that the interested user would look there isn't necessarily warranted.

Should I copy it back?

Reviewer: I'd say copy it back. Particularly now that I've shortened it a bit, it should be fairly readable.
